Adding Dogstatsd telemetry doc (#6319)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/dogstatsd/high_throughput.md

dogstatsd_so_rcvbuf: 26214400
```

## Client side telemetry

Dogstatsd clients send telemetry metrics by default to the agent. This allows

> you to better troubleshoot where the bottleneck might be. Each metric will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you to better troubleshoot where bottleneck exists. Each metric will be
```

> you to better troubleshoot where the bottleneck might be. Each metrics will be

Reviewer 2: typo: `Each metric will be tagged`

> tagged with the client language and the client version. Those metrics will not be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tagged with the client language and the client version. These metrics will not be
```

> counted as custom and will not be billed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
counted as custom metrics and will not be billed.
```

> Each client share a set of common tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each client shares a set of common tags.
```

| Tag                | Description                                     | Example                |
|--------------------|-------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| `client`           | The language of the client                      | `client:py`            |
| `client_version`   | The version of the client                       | `client_version:1.2.3` |
| `client_transport` | The transport byte the client (`udp` or `uds`)  | `client_transport:uds` |

> Keep in mind that when using UDP, network errors can't be detected by the client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: When using UDP, network errors can't be detected by the client
```

and the corresponding metrics will not reflect bytes/packets drop.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Python" %}}

Starting with version `0.34.0` of the Python client.

| Metrics Name                               | Metric Type | Description                                                                               |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `datadog.dogstatsd.client.metrics`         | count       | Number of `metrics` sent to the client by yout application (before sampling).             |

Reviewer 2: typo: `by your application`
on next 2 lines too.

> | `datadog.dogstatsd.client.event`           | count       | Number of `events` sent to the client by yout application.                                |

Reviewer 2: sanity-check: is the `event` missing a `s` in the metric name?

Author: not but it should ! I'll update the python and go PR. :ok_hand:

| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.service_checks`  | count       | Number of `service_checks` sent to the client by your application.                        |
| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.bytes_sent`      | count       | Number of bytes successfully sent to the Agent.                                           |
| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.bytes_dropped`   | count       | Number of bytes dropped by the client.                                                    |
| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.packets_sent`    | count       | Number of datagrams successfully sent to the agent.                                       |
| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.packets_dropped` | count       | Number of datagrams dropped by the client.                                                |

> If you want to disable telemetry, simply do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to disable telemetry:
```

| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.bytes_dropped`          | count        | Number of bytes dropped by the client.                                          |
| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.bytes_dropped_queue`    | count        | Number of bytes dropped because the client queue was full.                      |
| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.bytes_dropped_writer`   | count        | Number of bytes dropped because of an error while writing to the transport.     |
| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.packets_sent`           | count        | Number of datagrams successfully sent to the agent.                             |
| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.packets_dropped`        | count        | Number of datagrams dropped by the client.                                      |
| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.packets_dropped_queue`  | count        | Number of datagrams dropped because the client queue was full.                  |
| `datadog.dogstatsd.client.packets_dropped_writer` | count        | Number of datagrams dropped because of an error while writing to the transport. |

> If you want to disable telemetry, simply do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to disable telemetry:
```

> If you want to disable telemetry, simply do (see [DataDog/datadog-go][1] for more information about the client configuration):

Reviewer 2: Extra-nit, I would go with something like:

```
If you want to disable telemetry, simply do:

'''go
statsd, err: = statsd.New("127.0.0.1:8125", statsd.WithoutTelemetry())
'''

See [DataDog/datadog-go](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-go) for more information about the client configuration.
```

WDYT?

Author: much better :+1:
